readme.md, before:

#Slate
Slate is is a boilerplate project to get up and running fast. The main idea is to have both API and client-code in the same project. To achieve this the backend and a directory containing the client-code are loosely coupled.

It makes use of the following frameworks:
- slim framework [http://www.slimframework.com] along with composer
- Yeoman web-app [https://github.com/yeoman/generator-webapp]
 
To put in plainly, Slate just combines the slim framework with a client project, which is installed via Yeoman. In this case I used the generator for generic web-apps, but you could substitute it with generators for angularjs or similar.



##Get it running
Use composer (if not installed globally use: `curl -s https://getcomposer.org/installer | php`) to run `composer install`

Edit the composer.json as needed to add php-packages.

##What goes where?
`/index.php`: setting up the application and routes

`/controllers`: you can put in here some classes for custom code to keep the file index.php slim

`/client`: this is a yeoman webapp. uses grunt and bower. the dist folder is also the template-folder for slim


####Todo

- The directory `/controllers` is strictly not for controllers, but for any custom code. What to do?
- change `.htaccess` to do asset routing correctly

Commit message:

added hints for npm/grunt after cloning repo

readme.md, after:

#Slate
Slate is is a boilerplate project to get up and running fast. The main idea is to have both API and client-code in the same project. To achieve this the backend and a directory containing the client-code are loosely coupled.

It makes use of the following frameworks:
- slim framework [http://www.slimframework.com] along with composer
- Yeoman web-app [https://github.com/yeoman/generator-webapp]
 
To put in plainly, Slate just combines the slim framework with a client project, which is installed via Yeoman. In this case I used the generator for generic web-apps, but you could substitute it with generators for angularjs or similar.



##Get it running
Use composer (if not installed globally use: `curl -s https://getcomposer.org/installer | php`) to run `composer install`

Edit the composer.json as needed to add php-packages.

##What goes where?
`/index.php`: setting up the application and routes

`/controllers`: you can put in here some classes for custom code to keep the file index.php slim

`/client`: this is a yeoman webapp. uses grunt and bower. the dist folder is also the template-folder for slim

If you use the client dirrectory with the provided files, make sure to run these commands after cloning the repository:
1. npm install
2. bower install or bower update
3. grunt or grunt build


####Todo

- The directory `/controllers` is strictly not for controllers, but for any custom code. What to do?
- change `.htaccess` to do asset routing correctly
